# multilayered-reliability-resources
This repository contains a replication package for the paper Chren, S., Marek, O., Buhnova, B., Trivedi, K.: Multi-Layered Reliability Analysis Model for Smart Grid Services. In Journal of Critical Infrastructure Protection. Elsevier. 2022. (Under submission)

The repository is structured as follows:

- casestudy.json - saved UML models from the UML2SPNP tool of the case study scenario, that can be opened and edited in this tool.

- casestudy-full-template-analysis.c - the CSPL file generated by the UML2SPNP tool that can be analysed with SPNP tool. It contains the settings for the numerical analysis of the SRN model 

- casestudy-full-template-simulation.c - the CSPL file generated by the UML2SPNP tool that can be analysed with SPNP tool. It contains the settings for the simulation analysis of the SRN model. To repeat the validation part of the study, the number of simulation iteration can be changed at line 255. 

- case-study.xlsx - contains the summary of validation and sensitivity analysis results. The line graphs in the paper were generated based on this file using the online tool: https://www.rapidtables.com/tools/line-graph.html

- sensitivity folder - contains files related to the sensitivity analysis
  - casestudy-full-template.c - the CSPL file generated by the UML2SPNP tool that can be analysed with SPNP tool. It is used by the python scripts for the sensitivity analysis.

  - reports folder - contains outputs of the sensitivity analysis scripts. 

  -  scripts folder - python scripts executing the sensitivity analysis. The scripts assume that SPNP has been correctly installed. Additionally, they assume the location of SPNP is "C:\Spnp-Gui\spnp". If the location differs, then it can be adjusted at line 39. The scripts require the "casestudy-full-template.c" file to run. The location of the file can be set at line 8.
